======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 start your day off right as you walk to the coffee shop in the morning and go to work.

4. Don't Let Your Inner Life Become Your Reality in Action

When we are in a social situation, we often make a snap decision whether or not to let the other person have their experience. In our social lives, it's nearly always either our ego or our self-esteem that says, "No! You have to make the experience your own. You have to make it your own! In order for that to happen you have to let go of your ego and your self-esteem."

Now, of course, we are human and fall in love and be with other people as well. But this time I want to call your attention to something else. As you look around the world, do you see people who are having a good time, that are having fun, who are doing the things they want to do, who are enjoying themselves? If you do not see those people in your social environment, it is almost inevitable that you will fail to have that same experience.

Here is a great quote:

"If people feel bored, depressed, or unhappy, they will not make a purchase. They will not get engaged. They will not attend, they will not go to school, and they will not buy."

If you do not look for things to do, things that will create an enjoyable social scene, or engage your self-esteem in a new way, you will likely fail to get those kinds of opportunities. It only works when you let go of your ego.

This is the biggest, best single piece of advice in the world, and if you fail to use it, you will likely never have a great social life.

I think this is important. For example, in the same way that you can get more out of a social gathering by leaving a little food at the door and putting a little extra cash in your pocket and taking less responsibility, you can learn how to enhance a social environment by being more generous to the other person. By leaving more money on the table. By having a little more to drink. By using the most positive words you can to create a good mood and increase the likelihood that you will get the other person to talk about what you are going to do in a minute.

By being more generous, you will ensure that the other person is engaged. There is no excuse for what you might do wrong in socializing, because that does not exist and will be completely wiped out in a second. In addition, by being more generous, you make sure that people are making an effort to engage you.

One of my favorite tips is to put something extra into a gift that they are going to give you. For example, I might give the other person a gift card that gets them to do more with you. I might leave a gift certificate for the other person to buy something you love or need. As they are walking out, they are asking, "I can't believe how much we have in common, what have you done for me today?"

It turns out that we actually share this same life experience, and we all have a common interest, regardless of whether we like or like not! But we don't tend to share our emotions or thoughts about it with the world. We leave them to the person. In addition, just as by being generous with people, you also make sure that they know how much you care, when you don't even know they care.

It is important to notice that you are not always having a good time in your social life; there are times when you should be thinking of yourself. By not being aware of yourself as you are feeling, it is only a matter of time before you fall over. The point is, you are not always having a good time in your life. You do not get there by accident. There is always a reason for what you are doing. As I often say, "Don't let your inner life become your reality in action."

This is the biggest piece of advice in the world, and if you fail to use it, you will likely never have a great social life.

There are two points I often make with respect to social situations and how to have a good social life in them. First, I frequently see many of my clients coming off their dates into the office and saying, "If my date was there, I would have done it a different way."

In fact, I often see a lot of guys who are in their twenties and say, "I wish someone had walked in at the last minute and stopped the date before it even got started to stop it."

When you say, "I wish someone had walked in at the last minute and stopped it," what you are really saying is, "I wish I could let the other person do the other. I wish I could let another person have the experience I have at the
