======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’

You should get out and take a look. If you find yourself wondering, “Who’s running this’’s going to hurt me?” then you will have taken the wrong direction. It is important to remember that when you’re using any form of negotiation you need to get out and stand up for yourself. There are certain forms of negotiation and conversations in which the best outcome is the shortest time. Your clients do not want to waste time, energy, or your own time. What they want is to make your job as their salesperson as easy as possible. This is all well and good up front—especially in the beginning. They want to make sure you can afford the time to make every effort to do right by them. What they don’t want is to spend the time making you their problem.




“What happened” should be included in the opening. You should always be telling the truth. You must know exactly what they have said or done to make your job as their deal broker as easy as possible. The longer we sit and think about it, the more it’s going to hurt us, even if we’re right for the moment. How many times have we said or done something and then been right for the next six, seven, eight, or nine months—and not been as right for the next two or three? If for the next three months we did the same thing that we’ve been doing over the past week—and it’s working—then we’s going to feel very unhappy for the next three-to-five days and then feel a little bit better about ourselves before long. So for the rest of the three to five days, whether it’s going into or after the next meeting, or whether it’s doing or saying something that has to be done or said here or there, you want to do the whole thing exactly as best as you can.

When a client comes in and talks in a way that hurts you, that hurts their client. That’s a deal-breaker when I see that. When they talk about things that hurt them or make them look bad, that is a deal-breaker, too. But to speak about it and then not do anything about it in return for an hour out of your time is, well, unprofessional.

I do this kind of thing all the time. I’ve been around long enough to hear about all this, to read about it in a book, and to use the Internet to look for the latest terms and conditions about what we do. All the people I know have clients who say, “What happened to you? How did we end up with the problems?”

I tell people, “What you’re probably thinking is that I don’t think you’re smart enough, smart enough—no, that’s probably not going to happen.”

But I say, “We’ve all been there. It’s not always going to work out for us. We all know how to deal with a fight, it’s not always going to work out for you, so don’t worry about it. You are your clients’s boss at the end of the day. You are doing the best job you can with what you have. There’s a lot more to it than just you being able to talk about what’s going on. Remember, you’re looking at these people. Even though, for the most part, they’re making the best deal for you and for your clients and for your company, you still have to walk through it. And all this time, no matter what you say—and it’s very important that you say it—they’re wondering, “What’s going on?”


“Who’s in charge?”

You should always have control, because your clients cannot help it if they think you’re a part of the problem, and they’ll notice the results. Your clients won’t be happy any longer if you are taking any of your time.



“How are we going to make all these new sales?”

Your clients can help you to make as many sales as they can by sending you their best prospects, their best targets, and their best targets—and if you can find their best prospects, they are going to make a lot of sales. But how are you going to get all your clients to start making sales? That’s the trick.

Your client’s job is to find out
