======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 want to be happy and successful.

We've all heard of the power of affirmations. Many a sales professional has become a millionaire from using them. In some cases, they’ve become such good affirmations that prospects will actually tell their friends and family that you own (or are in the process of buying) something awesome. I’ve seen it happen—and I’ve used them myself.

So, what’s up with the new age of (self) success? Where’s the link between those who are succeeding and those who haven’t? I’m not a prophet. What I do know is that success begets success—and that it’s a long game.


The Power of Positive Affirmations

Many of my patients, when they’re sick, or tired, or discouraged, or even in the midst of a crisis, will come walk with me and we’ll go somewhere, make a plan, ask questions and discover if there’s someone we’re meant to be speaking to.

We’re often talking about themselves because their problems are the same as yours. If you’re sick or out of shape or overwhelmed, they’ll ask for help. And you can be the person who gives it. It’s a relationship built on trust. You can walk away from it when you’re tired or overwhelmed, but if you trust another person with their problems as you would your own, that’s where a relationship is born.

People tell me: “I try to ask for help when I need it, but sometimes I just don’t know what else to do. I need your help, Dr. Van Wagenen. If I don’t trust you to listen to me, I don’t know if the problem will get better.”

It’s about being there when someone needs you, whatever their problems might be, and they have no one else. It’s not about being nice, it’s about being true to yourself and treating others (including friends and family) like you treat yourself.

I also know that when you do that, people respond to you in a whole different way.

For example, I know that a simple request for support can make a world of difference to somebody else. And when you do make that request, it’s the only time they will look at you. You will set the foundation for trust, and people will feel more comfortable asking for and seeking help from you. This will lead to a whole new way of dealing with your problems.

For example, when John was looking for medical help for his back pain, or when Mary was looking after her anorexia, they never once said to me: “Dr. Van Wagenen, I’m in trouble.” They just said: “Doctor, I need your help.”

They were looking for someone to listen to them and to listen to their problems and help them along the way. When they did, we’d find other problems or challenges that they didn’t even know they were trying to solve.

But when they asked for our help, we’d get them better by the minute, sooner rather than later.

And if they said, “We’re totally overwhelmed,” we never had to say anything. We would get them help when it was needed and we’d do it in a way that was genuine and not “professional”—which usually means “help” at somebody else’s expense.

There are some great affirmations and visualization techniques out there that can be very helpful for dealing with stress, for dealing with depression or problems, or even for getting people to sleep better. If you have trouble sleeping or waking up, for example, you can ask someone who’s better at it than you to help you.

Remember that there’s a difference between helping and influencing—especially in business. You can be the kind of person who helps your friends and your family. But you can’t be the kind of person who will use the knowledge you have to help your friends and your family.

Also, when you’re working with a patient or client, there is no point in trying to be boss. You are there to help them, and to learn from them by asking questions. If you talk too much or try to be all things to all people, it only becomes a major distraction and potential enemy.


The Power of Accountability

And finally, you shouldn’t give the authority for help to somebody who you think is too important or has too much to lose. A doctor may be in a difficult situation, but they are not a lawyer,
