======== SAMPLE 1 ========
—one of about 500 employees—at that point. He is also an accomplished salesperson and the top buyer on two different technology companies out of Silicon Valley. In addition to his technical skill set, he has the ability to close more deals through his sales skill set than any other customer acquisition professional in our industry. While the prospect was impressed with the technology of the device and his personal success with it, he was not terribly impressed with him personally, yet he still decided to invite him back to visit with the group and try him out. He agreed to do so. After an extended period of trying on devices, the new salesperson was finally satisfied with it. He decided to stay with us, even after we had already made a commitment to purchase the device, and he is currently working in the sales department and has a great deal of experience in customer development. We also invited another customer who was already using the device and who works in the sales department. We wanted to share what we had learned with him. He agreed to use the device, after all, and his experience has already been great. In the following interview, he shared his success and also talked about his company and the challenges he had.

Question-and-Answer Section



1. Describe your success with the device and your biggest challenges.

I have made a lot of sales in the past 6 months, starting with $250 to $500 in one day and now we have made about $10 million through just 5 salespeople. The sales team is made up of great guys, very intelligent, and we all worked very well together. I would have never achieved all this in any other company. I would have never been able to get there. I was able to do it because of some unusual and interesting experiences that were very beneficial for my sales results. Some of those experiences include; traveling to Silicon Valley to attend and demo before Apple did, and then to meet with Steve Jobs, who is often called the most influential founder in the technology field, as well as having the privilege to discuss a variety of topics with him in person. When I visited his house in California several times, there was much more business to be done just at his house and he was actually able to do it more efficiently. I also did meetings with Apple executives and had lunch with Steve himself. The meetings with Jobs were not only valuable for me, but for the entire sales team as well. Having lunch and meeting with him made very good sales and marketing executives, too. We met a lot of very nice and knowledgeable people but I always preferred working with the great people inside Steve Jobs.

2. How have you increased sales more than 30 percent, on average, in a year?

The device itself is so innovative and its sales have exceeded our expectations. The sales team has grown up so fast that it is hard to keep up with the demand. Our goal is to be the most profitable device provider for the iPhone in this market, at the same time as selling to other companies. So if the sales team can keep up its average sales growth rate, we will succeed. If, however, we do not have the same results of a month earlier, we will certainly have to consider other options.

3. Which devices have you tried and how have you liked them?

The sales team has tried all kinds of devices. I would say that these include iPhones, Android phones, PCs, tablets, and any type of mobile device. My personal preference is to use an iPhone. Some of my customers want to use me as a reference, and I would like to be able to help them with the most common devices. However, since I am an experienced salesperson and my time and skills are limited, I would like to always have options in front of me. Unfortunately, the iPhone in particular was not the best device choice. I think the device is very good to have in your pocket, but it had a number of drawbacks. There was no option to send messages via text to someone you want to call; the iPhone had very limited functionality.

I was quite happy with the Apple watch and that it did so well—I was very disappointed when Apple announced that they had sold fewer than three million of them in less than four months. That was not surprising, given that many of their sales are to large companies, and they need a big company to buy expensive Apple products. That said, I did take a small risk at that point. I offered it to Apple at $500 per device because they had asked me for that much, and I was not willing to offer more because the device was not the best fit for the sales team. However, it was successful and we were very happy with it. The sales team has also tried a lot of other mobile devices, such as an Android phone, a PC, tablets, and smart phones, all of which did not work all that well, either.

4. What did you do differently to make it successful?

The
