======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 hour. To ensure that your prospects do not leave the room, set up and complete a full task using a specific person’s information at that specific time, then get them to respond.

It’s often difficult to write responses that are effective and, if you’re not careful, appear aggressive or even rude. Use the following response template to craft your personalized response to the specific question posed.





Hi John,

My name is [specific person’s name] and I’m the salesperson who called you to get you to stop buying fax machines and switch to a fax subscription service called eFax.

You asked me to contact you right away so that I could give you an overview of what the service is and how it could save you a big cost of over $100 a year. With eFax, you get to pick the number of files you want to receive and the number of times (daily, weekly, monthly) they can make them available anywhere in the world.

The other benefit of eFax is that the data is backed up on the Internet for safekeeping, eliminating the need to store it on any devices that can be physically taken home, removed without the customer’s permission, and damaged without detection.

If I could give you one piece of advice, it would be to stop buying fax machines and switch to eFax, with your help, in just seven days. That’s why I called and I’d like to give you a few more details of the service.

Please don’t hesitate to call me if you ever have any questions or concerns about eFax. If for some reason I do not get a response from you in 24 hours, you may call back at any time to get the details I asked for or to tell me that you have opted not to proceed.

Take care,


 [specific person’s name]


[personalization]



When you complete a task on someone else’s information—not your own—you are creating what is known as a “cognitive load to get in the door.” As soon as you have agreed to be interviewed and written information given, that information disappears from your mind, becomes “battery-free,” and you immediately want to tell your interviewer everything that you know. You may do this without realizing that you are doing it and may not be doing it consciously. Remember your own reaction to the interview and your goal!





A Mental Shift


Before you talk to anyone, you need to make a mental switch in your thinking from the “I’m interviewing” perspective to the “I’m not talking” perspective. If you are not sure what that means, think of the following: If you go onto a sales page and read this sentence:



If you are a customer,

then that’s you!

You are already a customer! “Customer” means already a customer.





If you are not a customer, then don’t even be asking questions like that. Don’t even tell anyone you are a customer or willing to do business with you. You are not. What you should be asking is:

“If I were a customer, what would I want from someone to talk to me personally and about our products, services, and solutions?”





That is more like it.


Use What You’ve Got: Use the Information Your Prospects Provide


You want to have enough information so that you can help them, but you don’t want to overwhelm them with too many details. Use the same steps outlined in the chapter on preparation to identify information that’s most useful so you can start the conversation in the appropriate place with as little delay as possible.

It is important to not get sidetracked by information. You want to get the right conversation started so that you can have the conversation you really want to have. That means you’ll need to do the following:

Identify the main points you will want to make.

Develop a list of specific questions you’ll want to ask.



Look back at the information you have, and ask “How well could I write this?”



As with every interview, you should practice asking questions. You will become a much better conversationalist over time, especially when you’re talking about things that people care about and are willing to share. It will help to keep a journal that will tell you where you’ll be talking about this information as you go.

In the next chapter, we will cover the most important questions you will need to ask your prospect when you first meet, and how to ask them.

CHAPTER 9 QU
