======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. There's also a lot of room to get involved in community, participate in social and political events, and much more. You can do this and still be a good candidate for a big city job.

A second major distinction: If you can't work well with others. If you're always late, on time, making excuses. If your social media presence is non-existent. If you're not willing to spend quality time with people in your city or in a new city. If you're not a team player, if you're not willing to take the lead. If you're not flexible. If you're not willing to work when you feel you're not needed. If you're not prepared to help the business of a new city. If you aren't prepared to manage your time to the best of your abilities. If you're not prepared to do the job that a new city is expecting you to do. If you're not ready to handle the pressure of dealing with a demanding job and a complex city.

Some people just aren't ready.

And some people don't have the desire.

But if you're not sure about someone and you just don't know, we want to hear from you. We have access to a fantastic list of candidates, and we're constantly talking with new city candidates all over the country for their first experience with city hiring… and their future jobs in city hiring.

If you're ready to tell us if they're the right candidate for the job, drop us some lines!



If you're ready to tell us if someone in your city is the right candidate for a role in their city, drop us some lines!<|endoftext|>It does not sound good for a team to have its head coach fired in the middle of a season, especially one as important as Houston's was going into last season. That was precisely the situation the Texans found themselves in last year as the year wore on.

But what if that was happening and Tom Savage wasn't the problem?

It is not that the Houston Texans did not have their share of issues during last year's campaign. After all, they had an undefeated record during the first half of the season as they had never lost at home in six full years.

What matters for the Texans is that they got a quarterback in Houston in Deshaun Watson who is one of the top five quarterbacks in the NFL. He is very young at 30-years-old.

Watson took a major step forward and was a true difference-maker in the first half of the season for the Houston Texans. Watson threw for 2,877 yards and 22 touchdowns in the first half of the season, which was not a very good mark by any stretch.

But then in the second half of the season, he went off in a big way. He threw for 3,084 yards and nine touchdowns and added a quarterbacking rating and a completion percentage of 84.4 as the Houston Texans were on their way to a 9-6 record.

A big part of Watson's success came along with his running game as he rushed for 1,008 yards and 12 touchdowns. Watson is the kind of player that should not get away and a team that cannot depend on Watson to do what it has to do should make changes at the quarterback position.


Brock Osweiler Has Not Been Effective

Many Texans fans are ready to throw in the towel on the 2017 season with Brock Osweiler getting the boot from the Texans. If he is not going to do it right away, then then he just needs to get out of here.

It is unfortunate that if this is something Osweiler does on his own, then he is not going to get his job back any time soon regardless of who the new coach is. Osweiler is just not ready to be the starting quarterback and is just not ready to be that important in the winning process.

On the other hand, even if Osweiler does get his job back eventually, things might not look great for him. He will be starting over with a new coach and a new offensive coordinator in the offseason. He will also have to learn a whole new offense from scratch in the process.

If Osweiler does not handle the new situation well enough to make the Texans a winning team for 2018, then perhaps he should just get out of town for good.

It should be pointed out that Osweiler is just in his fifth season with the Houston Texans and the team is not exactly in the best shape it has been in at the quarterback position.

As far as what the future holds for Osweiler and the Texans on this season, we will just have to wait and see.

Houston Texans Record When Brock Osweiler Has Started Versus Wins After his First Win

7-5

5-2

1-2

0-1


Win-Loss Ratios by QB
