======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 replacement results (that is, where your client is earning results and where the sales team are earning more than they want to earn).

The first piece of qualitative analysis involves asking the client to confirm his numbers. The client can provide numbers to back up his claims. The key is to ensure that you have some numbers to back them up. You don't want to make a mistake in trusting an estimate you “ve got from some anonymous guy on the internet, so always ask for numbers to back up the statement you're making. It’s like trying to read a map by looking at a map without any markings, it’s just a guess at what it might look like.

The client can also confirm the numbers with someone in the company; a salesperson, a customer service agent, the head of marketing.

Once you’ve got some numbers that support the claims you’re making, you can move to the other aspect of quantitative analysis: how big the size of the deal is and how it’s changing over time.

For instance, if you say that you can double the size of an account in an hour, it can be very helpful to get the client to confirm that this is really how quickly it happens or that it will only be a temporary measure or how much it will cost you.

Finally, you can move to the second part of quantitative analysis that involves taking the numbers that you have in your hands and finding out whether anything about them can be used in a different way to sell something to the client.

I’d like to use a simple example in this chapter to help you understand how to do this. Let’s say you have a client and you’re talking about selling a marketing package to grow his company’s business. There are two possible ways of generating the numbers you need; they're very different from one another. Either way, you’ll be talking to two different people. Your first step is to get all the numbers.

The first might involve the client sitting at his desk—or perhaps even in a conference room with you—and you’ll be talking to his head of marketing, his director of marketing, his head of corporate responsibility...and so on. These people may well be very interested in doing the work. You may even get to discuss a special initiative you’ve developed, you’d like to show them how it can benefit their business, or even you’d like to propose a product they can sell into their market—anything that's in a “how to market” or “to market” book would do well in promoting your product.

The other option is to sit with a client in his office and you and your manager and the salespeople will be working together to ask the client tough questions, to find out what he really wants to do, why he thinks it can work, and what the costs would be. The client will want to do this, but he may be very reluctant, because he may be very busy. You might even be tempted by the prospect, especially if he’s a well-known figure...because he’s got the name and he’s got the status and he’s got the resources, what do you need from him?

In the end you may decide to go with the second option—doing a competitive analysis of the different approaches and to try to decide which one would work best with your prospects. You’re obviously reluctant to do this until you can be sure that it will be a good idea to do. But the important thing is to do the analysis, and the more work you do, the more confident you’ll become that it will work.

The reason for doing the analysis is that you don’t want to waste the time of the prospect and all his people. He’ll get to see what you’ve found out. And what you find out may turn out to be very useful. And the more information he can get, the better he’ll respond to you. You will have helped him work out his problems before they even occurred to him.





ACTION

Now, here’s what I want you to do. Pick up the telephone and call this prospect!

Set a date, time, and place. Ask the prospect to come over to your office. Then get on with the selling conversation.

There is no point in wasting any more time talking about the price and the product and what his problems or needs are. It will turn out that you didn’t need to get the numbers and the details of the product. He’s a busy man, he just wants to talk about your product in detail to see if he can find a way to get it into his own company.

You should spend some time to establish an initial confidence
