======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for a second look.

And if the look you want is more casual, you might prefer going to your favorite neighborhood dive bar and taking in a game of pool or darts instead of hitting the golf course. You can always buy a tee time at an airport once the weather turns cold.

One of the keys to successful living is having the freedom to make your own schedule. And one of the keys to success with your own schedule is to work from home when you want. It’s true that you will eventually have to work at some point, which means that you will need to take on some additional income to avoid destitution and financial uncertainty.

My friend Lou Adelman says, “The difference between success and success is the difference between doing and not doing.” We, as human beings, have an addictive need for dopamine, a feel-good chemical. To work from home is to take that away, to work when you want to, with whom you want to, for whom you want to. It’s a way to disconnect from the outside world, to reduce the amount of stress you are exposed to to, and to have more time to reflect and enjoy life.





Why Working from Home Isn’t a Good Option


Sometimes it’s difficult, even impossible, to stay focused at home. You see a prospect on the street and immediately start to imagine all the fun you’ll have with the spouse at home, or at the office. Or a house guest comes to you and asks to use your computer. Either situation is a sign that you may have to work at the office later in the day.

In addition, if you live in a remote part of the country, or in a small area, you may have to commute long distances, or have problems getting there, because you’re not doing everything you planned. You never know when you will have to get an additional job.

It’s a tough job to be doing. And sometimes you’ll be burned out, even though all your friends in the office tell you that you should never stop working hard.

At the end of the day, your work at home routine often consists of writing thank-you notes to your subscribers, or doing dishes. You also want to play golf, go shopping at the mall, and check e-mail.

You may not want to actually look at your e-mails at home, since they’ll often have a lot of typos you want fixed, and you won’t want to look at the unsavory messages that come your way. After hours, you’ll go into your e-mail to deal with some unsolicited attachments, which your kids sent you for your birthday two days ago, but you also want to make sure you keep working.

You work hard and play hard, and it’s hard to give in to temptations and bad news from home that will make you jump to conclusion and decide to hit the roads again.





The Challenge for Those Who Wanted to Work at Home


There’s no challenge with working at home. Working from home simply reduces or eliminates travel. The benefits and the lifestyle that you’ll enjoy—and you can travel and get fresh air—are worth the inconvenience and expense.

I started my first company, Medallion Financial, from a remote location in New Jersey, and later moved the headquarters to Seattle. Medallion has grown from $50 million to $500 million in market capitalization. The company sold $20 million in its first 30 days of trading on the New York Stock Exchange.

Medallion, like many of the other companies in the SaaS (software as a service) marketplace, was designed to be software. So it can be difficult for entrepreneurs, if they don’t want to move, to be 100% in IT, and 100% in operations, or all those areas. Some people choose to do it that way. In my own case, I didn’t choose it, I am just a small fish in a huge pond, but I had to do it because I had to get the product out the door.

For a lot of them, that was work. The first few people moved to remote locations, put in some time learning the job, put up some money, and then got on with their lives, but many are still there. One of the benefits of working from home is being able to work on less commitment and for much lower pay, while still having time to travel when you want.

Of course, there can be challenges. You don’t want to work your full schedule, so you need to find ways to cut back on things you don’t really need to be doing. There are challenges with kids, with responsibilities, with bills, with health insurance, with commuting, and with your own personal
