======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. We believe that if the user has enough time and enough money, the prospect will purchase what you have to offer. Once you have convinced the visitor that you are a valuable addition to his or her product or service category, your sales effort will accelerate dramatically. You simply need to follow the right sales techniques.

I am sure you have the strategies, tactics, and best practices you could ever need, but there are some very practical, very hands-on, techniques that can be used to make your sales success even more amazing. If you do not already have them, get them now.

Before you learn how to write copy for sales, you should learn to sell.

This book is the fastest, easiest way to learn how to sell your product or service. The only way to learn how to sell your product or service is through creating the sales pipeline—a sales strategy, a sales process, and a sales process that is built on the principles of sales itself.

In this book you will learn a series of techniques for making your sales pipeline look like a waterfall with a series of small sales events connecting the dots to eventually sell what you need to sell to the prospect. You will also learn how to create an effective sales process that flows from beginning to end. By using these techniques, you will be able to create consistent monthly, weekly, and daily sales targets to make the sales pipeline go like a waterfall. You can then create the sales funnel that allows your prospects and customers to walk through the sales funnel, from beginning to end, with the most logical and efficient method for selling to them.

Here are some of the many techniques you will learn in this book:

How to create a flowchart to understand a prospect's needs in the sales flow

How to develop a sales funnel and a sales pipeline that fits the needs of your prospect

How to create the sales funnel to sell the right product or service to the right people and at the right time

How to create the sales funnel that makes sales happen

How to create an effective sales conversation using the most effective sales tactics

How to create a sales conversation that flows naturally but is designed to sell your product or service to the most customers

How to develop strategies for making the best customers for your product or service the best sellers for your company

How to develop strategies and tactics for making sure the sale of the item you are selling goes smoothly and reliably

These techniques are perfect to learn as you begin developing your sales pipeline. Then you can use them to make sure you sell the right product or service at the right time or for the right reasons.

You will also learn:

How to create sales pipelines of all sizes and for every selling sequence of yours

The various ways to create the top and bottom of your sales pipeline

The best ways to get the right results from your product or service at the right time or in the right order

To help you begin developing your sales pipeline, we have provided chapters from the book in the form of multiple e-zine articles that cover all the techniques covered in this book. At the bottom of each chapter is a section of questions for you to think through to help you decide which of the techniques you should do next.

We invite you now to begin your journey in learning how to sell, selling from the inside out and selling the right product or service at the right time. With this book you will be able to create, grow, and sustain a business and sales pipeline that you never would have been able to dream of creating before.

With this book you will be able to quickly accelerate your sales learning, sales success, and sales expansion.





About the Author

Paul Haggis is the best-selling coauthor of The Sales Hacker, Why You're Not a Salesman, Sales Accelerator, and The Sales Pyramid.

Haggis's experience has been in sales, sales training, selling to the non-profit, selling sales consulting, selling marketing consulting, and a variety of other selling positions, including sales leaders and sales professionals. Paul has helped others get their sales careers off on the right foot and he is currently the executive vice president of Sales Partnerships, a Sales Performance Management (SPM) company.



He is the founder of Haggis Enterprises (a leading provider of sales training and consulting for small businesses and entrepreneurs), and he is also the coauthor of a number of bestselling books including The Power of Selling, Making Sales Work, The Sales-Based Selling Formula, and The Sales Pyramid.

Paul works to improve the sales effectiveness of any organization by teaching sales techniques that increase the accuracy, reliability, and efficiency with which sales professionals in any industry sell products, services, ideas, and ideas sold as an investment. He is an expert in sales fundamentals for selling to entrepreneurs and small businesses and, along with his son Jordan, is the coauthor of a number of e-books on
