======== SAMPLE 1 ========


This is the time to do the job. It is crucial that you do it right. This is no time for procrastination. You need to take action now in order to protect and build on the existing base of knowledge, expertise, and skills that make you a top-notch marketer.

There are more questions than I can answer here; in my experience, market researchers need to make an active effort to engage both research participants and those who have never participated in market research. For that matter, market researchers have a very difficult task. We need to understand what information others are looking for. But we also need to get more out of it than just knowing something about it, especially in a market research. For example, even if you are a smart market researcher, you might have trouble thinking about some of the big picture questions people ask you. You might not know the answers to the questions that they do. And for all those who say that research helps the better you understand your prospects, research provides an enormous amount of context. It is a way of saying, I have more information here than I did in the last three- to four- hours of phone calls and the time for a full-blown conversation.

In my experience, market researchers are constantly learning, making mistakes, and making corrections. So don't be surprised if you get a few things wrong. I've never heard of a market research that is flawless. However, there are very few surveys that are perfect or completely error-free.

If you're in the market for a survey, ask yourself, is it a complete, high-quality research study? If it is, then do you believe that it will deliver value to me and the company? In my view, the best research studies and surveys are the ones that have not been done yet. If you ask the right questions, answer them precisely and clearly, and you clearly state your survey topic (and the question you are trying to answer), then you are going to get tremendous value and insight from the market research. You will also get to know the market very well, particularly the people that you are trying to acquire.

If you're new to the job, I recommend you take a short course on research. You can learn a lot about what works and what doesn't, but I also strongly recommend that you do not take a survey and not complete the survey. Ask yourself, Are the questions accurate? Are the questions framed appropriately? Are the questions asking for information? Are the questions asked about the right people?

One important thing I want you to watch out for is people who will ask you if you did or did not perform your research. Your answer should be, as stated, that your research was conducted correctly and with integrity. And I'm not going to answer your questions on the subject of what you did or did not do.

If you are being sold on a product or service, you may want to be a little more specific and include specific points to back your claims. For example, "the service works better with …" or "the results from your research show …" (Or, what are those results and what are the findings they are going to show me? …). Remember, you should present the research in a scientific and accurate form.

For many other areas of the advertising business, there are not research firms. Many clients are doing their own research and hiring researchers. The research firms, if there are any, will often have their own names. This is important because if they do not, you must know the name. If possible, you should obtain permission and give your research a thorough and honest review from the company's point of view. Remember, you will be trying to acquire a great product from them. This is a rare opportunity to work with them and help them discover what it is they want you to know and get better and better at selling.

What research firms can and should do is help their clients with their research requirements. They should help them understand what the research companies are looking for, how the research companies can answer the research company's questions in the most efficient way, and why this research is important enough to spend time and money on it. It's critical that they find out the market research firms that do the highest-quality, highest-volume research studies and that they should help you locate them in a quick and easy way. That way, you can be ready when your research needs to be done.


Step 6: Research Research Researchers

When you think about it, what do market research firms do? Research professionals gather and evaluate information, gather leads, find and evaluate customers, select, manage, and train customers. They make calls, use their computers, and do a great deal of their work online. They do not have any offices.

If you ask me, market research firms are the glue that holds a client-focused sales strategy together. You want to make every other part of the sales process a
