======== SAMPLE 1 ========


In The Art of the Selling List, Aaron presents a number of case studies for great sales. Aaron writes:

“If you can't make a sale, don't lose heart. If you make a sale and it doesn't turn out to be the right call, then that's good enough for now. Keep working on selling, and when you're more informed, you'll be ready.”

This quote has helped my sales tremendously by not only encouraging me to close sales, but also to stay focused on making sales. In The Art of the Selling List, Aaron lays out the case for being successful in selling; and it isn't about going through the same steps over and over again. The best sales are the ones that surprise you and cause you to look inside, and take a deeper look at your own approach and the situation. You must understand this quote to know how to be successful.

This quote can give you the fuel you need to make sales on the phone, in-person, and online. If you apply it today, I promise you, you'll have a huge impact in your sales.





18. The Power of Passion


As I told people when I was getting started, I wanted to become the best and brightest salesman in the world. But I also wanted to create sales that were more than simply sales, but also sales that changed or empowered people.

This quote is about passion, passion for what you do, and how passionate you need to be. When you take the time to pay attention to this quote, you'll see that it's very practical advice for your sales work. It's very practical advice that helps you succeed.

I'm not talking about the amount of time or effort you take to do a sale today; I'm talking about all the years wasted.

“It takes time to love what you do. You can never change what you don't know about.”

—BETTY STALLMAN

I used to look up to people who had more time or more effort on the job, in sales or in life. The more time they were spending doing work, regardless of the importance of the work or the magnitude of the effort, the more motivated I became to pick the best work and the best methods to help people.



So here are two powerful quotes for you.

The first comes from Bob Harcourt, a sales guy that my friend, Jeff Siegel, told me about. Bob had a motto that he often shared: “Be the best for the best.” Bob had the best of the best: he was passionate about everything he did.

The quote he shared with us is, “You have to be the best for the best.” To do that, you have to give up on something (even if it means giving up on what you love). But when you give up on something, you have to go forward and take the best and highest-quality work and learn how to do it again and again.



And here's another powerful quote from Jeff Siegel—a guy that I consider to be a mentor or a friend: “There is an invisible limit on the size of the market, and it is zero. I'm an accountant by day, and here is an invisible limit I live with. I am now an extreme salesman, because I realize there is this limit to how good we can be. The best you can be is to be a good salesman.”

This quote is about passion for the work you do and the people you help. The best and highest-quality work you can do is the best work you can do. It's the work that creates and transforms and transforms people. To be effective in selling work, you have to take time away from your other responsibilities, and spend it on sales. You have to learn the craft.





19. “In the beginning, sell, no matter what you sell, to no matter who you sell it to.”




If there's one thing I like more than good sales, it's the ability to create a customer—a great customer. This quote by Harry W. L. Thompson, a famous New York advertising executive, really resonated with me.

It comes from a book called Selling a Dream, and the book itself is a must for anyone looking to move their business forward, at any time.

In the book, Thompson shares the importance of the customer. At the core of his quote is the concept that you have only a few choices when you have a problem, from whom you want to buy your solution. You can take up to seven different solutions, and you can only choose one if you like the best solution. If you buy the wrong solution, it can only make you worse off.

Sometimes, you only need one other solution to make a business sale, and that's
