======== SAMPLE 1 ========
th

Slim, clean lines at the base of the front wheel

Slim profile

Solid tires improve tire life

Surgical and precision-tested

Time-proven steel frame

Time-tested components under tough conditions

Traditional handcrafted handle

Unique, handblown design

Unique tool steel construction

Value

Value Proposition

We have been in the building service industry for the past six years. We know the value of our products. They work!

We know what it takes to get great price, great reliability, and great service from our products.

We know what our products are able to do that your products can't, or can't do at an identical price.

We know when we come close to competing with your products, when we can offer a much better product for a better price.

We have experience in building every size of warehouse, from tiny to the largest, in every commodity and climate, in every world city, from New York to Los Angeles to London.

We know how to build your warehouses in whatever the size needed in any project. We can take any location on earth for your very best prices.



Value Proposition

If you don’t have any other choice, then don’t try to get this product to lower prices.

We are here to say that this value proposition is so compelling that it deserves an entire page of its own. But since many people think that the value proposition requires them to read a whole bunch of pages of words and arguments, I’m going to summarize this value proposition here in a few sentences:

● The best value—buy at Costco.

● We have the longest experience with every product under our brand.

● We are in every world city—not just ones that have a lot of people selling the same product. (Don’t try to sell a product in Toronto, for example.)

● Anytime you come to us, you get an enormous discount—the greatest in the industry.

● We provide professional build quality with the best possible materials. (Never get ripped off by someone who cuts corners in the building service industry.)



We provide value: the best price, the greatest service, and the best of the best. We make our own products and have the best knowledge about them, while you pay all the costs of materials and labor.

Don’t get ripped off by companies that offer low prices to consumers.

Don’t get ripped off by dishonest brokers charging exorbitant fees to consumers.

Don’t get ripped off by shoddy or outdated building-service products.

Don’t allow brokers or building services to sell you products that may not be worth the price, at the best price.



We stand by these words on our website and in our advertising. If you ever find that you are in the market for a product, and you are unsure whether your competitors in different cities would have the best possible price, and the fastest and easiest delivery—then you should buy from us.

And if these words are difficult to remember and articulate, you should be able to get the same benefits from these words at this site:

A great value.

Quality in every aspect of building.

Specialist builders.

Handcrafted in the USA.

Builds anywhere.

Your building is important—buy now from Costco.



If you do that, and you look for other deals and deals everywhere, and you make your decision based on value and quality first and foremost, and make it the main priority, and you make your decision based on the facts rather than just the hype, then you will be one step ahead of 99 percent of people who want to get better prices, better service, better materials, better finishes, and faster shipping, and you will make the transition into the twenty- first century much easier.

I know you’re going to do all those things, because I do too.





So, what other types of companies can you emulate? How can you differentiate yourself from Walmart and Target and everyone else?

If you want fast, cheap shipping, or you just want products that work and are easy to repair—then buy this magazine’s flagship magazine, Construction News.

If you are looking for products that solve problems you are dealing with today—then buy this magazine’s flagship magazine: Home Builders’ Magazine.

If you want things that you can use on the job: go to Home Builders’ Mag.

If you want fast or easy repairs: go to Home Builders’ Repair Manuals.

If you want products that are very good at keeping your building looking and maintaining its value and quality: go to Home Builders’ Repairs and
